Mar 24, 2024

 by Eric

> As I'm not rooted in Levantine culture, I didn't have any basic foundations. I still have a long way to go, but I'm now able to pick some basic sentences and words during discussions with my family-in-law. The curriculum is well structured and the pace is not overwhelming, so I can keep up, as I'm kter mashghoul (very busy).\
> Fatima made sure that I practice and master the topics / words before we move to the next level, in a friendly manner.\
> That is amazing, and I'm looking forward for my next session to continue to improve

Mar 13, 2024

 by Maya Jouzaa

Outstanding!

> Ever since I started my lessons with Ella she has been super helpful!\
> She encourages me a lot to keep going and when I'm stuck she explains things in a simpler way in Arabic so I can understand better!\
> I look forward to continuing the lessons!\
> Shukran kteir!\
> Maya (UK)

Feb 19, 2024

 by Anne

The lebanese lessons I needed !

> I am really happy to have discovered Lebanese Arabic : I wanted to learn Lebanese for years, but I never found the right solution to do so as I live in France... I have started classes with my awesome teacher Ella since January and I can already see great progress ! The lessons are very well prepared and Ella is an experienced teacher. Highly recommend !

Feb 18, 2024

 by Di

Learn the language and the culture!

> Both Hiba and Mireille are fantastic teachers. I've been taking lessons with Mireille over the past year, and she has taught me the fundamentals of Lebanese Arabic, correcting my pronunciation and pushing me to tell stories with what I've learned so far. Mireille is kind and patient -- a quality that I appreciate and gravitate toward when challenged with a lesson. She encourages me to push myself when formulating sentences, and even teaches me new vocabulary during our organic conversations. I HIGHLY recommend taking classes with Mireille if you'd like to learn the Lebanese dialect.

Jan 29, 2024

 by Nina

miracle workers

> I have never spoken any other language except English and when I began lessons with Mireille 2 years ago, I was in culture shock of the new language and its complexities. Mireille has been so patient with me and broke down the words and lessons in a way that makes the most sense to me. I appreciate her hard work and dedication to our sessions. I am able to understand most things that are being discussed around me now with my Lebanese friends and family. Thank you for existing!

Jan 29, 2024

 by Marc

> Communication has been excellent, and scheduling classes appropriate for my level was very easy (even though I am many time zones away).\
> My instructor Mireille is really fantastic. She is fun and patient and makes our discussions really engaging. She is also really good at noticing when I'm lost and has effective techniques for helping me remember new words.\
> She also recognizes the importance of reviewing authentic Lebanese materials like podcasts, videos, etc. together in class while helping me improve my pronunciation and grammar.\
> I'm learning a lot, and time flies by during my lessons. I look forward to them each week!

Jan 28, 2024

 by David S.

> I took remote lessons with Adon and loved them. The lessons were well structured, but we also always had time to explore words, phrases, topics, etc. that I wanted to explore. I came away from each lesson feeling like I'd learned a good bit more or found a new "unlock" in my understanding of the language. Would for sure recommend for anyone wanting to learn Lebanese.

Jan 25, 2024

 by Sarah

The best!

> I absolutely love my lessons! Mireille is a beautiful teacher, engaged and attentive. It's the best online lessons I've had, and it's a wonderful way to connect with my Lebanese heritage and pass on the Lebanese language to my children!

Jan 24, 2024

 by Florence

The best Arabic class

> For a couple of years now I was trying to learn arabic online but I couldn't find anybody to teach me properly. When I found this course online, i immediately booked. It's been a year now i follow the classes and i couldn't be more grateful for this amazing school. I've learned so much over the months and I couldn't have done it without Hiba and Mireille.

Jan 19, 2024

 by Shaghayegh

Outstanding lessons

> I have been watching Hiba's videos on YouTube on and off for a few years to reconnect with my paternal side after losing touch, and finally decided to take lessons and it's been a good few months now. Everyone I have dealt with from Hiba's school is incredibly kind and helpful. The quality of materials is fantastic and questions are always explained in a way that is easy to follow. I struggle with some concentration and communication issues, as well as deafness, but my teacher is always incredibly encouraging and patient. You will never feel embarrassed to ask a question. I would highly recommend Hiba's school to anyone who would like to learn Lebanese. Thank you for helping me reconnect with my culture.

Jan 19, 2024

 by Melanie McDacy

Amazing beginner classes

> I've been learning with Fatima for 8 weeks now and can say I am picking up the basics well! The classes are so fun and engaging and we're always laughing and learning at the same time. I can't wait to continue and see myself become more and more confident in Arabic. I highly recommend to anyone looking to learn Lebanese Arabic :))

Jan 18, 2024

 by Ghadi Tayeh

> I am delighted to share my overwhelmingly positive experience with Fatima Meroueh and our language lessons in 'Lebanese Arabic with Hiba.' Fatima has not only been an exceptional language tutor but has also evolved into a dear friend and soul sister.\
>\
> Our conversational lessons extend beyond language proficiency, touching upon a myriad of topics ranging from politics and current affairs to the intricacies of our personal lives. Fatima's ability to seamlessly navigate through diverse subjects makes our sessions engaging and intellectually stimulating.\
>\
> What sets Fatima apart is her genuine interest in my life and the effort she puts into getting to know and appreciate the details of my family and general experiences. This personal touch has created a connection that transcends the boundaries of a typical tutor-student relationship.\
>\
> In addition to our shared interests in the arts, theatre, and writing, Fatima has proven to be a kindred spirit. Her passion for these creative pursuits adds a unique dimension to our lessons, making the learning experience not just educational but also deeply enriching.\
>\
> I have witnessed significant improvement in my comprehension and use of the Levantine Arabic dialect under Fatima's guidance. Her teaching approach is tailored to my needs, making the learning process enjoyable and effective.\
>\
> I wholeheartedly recommend Fatima Meroueh to anyone seeking not just a language tutor but a true companion in the journey of cultural exploration and linguistic enhancement.

Jan 14, 2024

 by Jon Donovan

The most effective way to learn Lebanese

> I have been taking courses with Hiba for over 5 years. As a result I can communicate with my in laws and friends when we visit Lebanon and I can get by in most Arabic speaking countries. I tried other programs but the practical, conversational and fun approach that's Hiba's courses provide have been the only effective training.

Aug 5, 2018

 by Zach

A great resource

> I've been taking remote lessons from Hiba for a few months now and can say she is a wonderful tutor and has helped me take my conversational Arabic to a whole new level. Highly recommended!

Jul 5, 2018

 by Valerie Perez

Excellent !

> Hiba 's lessons are great and insparing : you want to go further and know more and more of this beautiful langage. She is a very good teacher because she seems to talk to you personnally in her videos, giving you the best advices to help you to memorize.

Jun 27, 2018

 by Jeremiah

Amazing

> Finding Lebanese language learning is challenging. The Hiba's lessons are detailed and extremely accessible online for free! Also if you want to go deeper she is very available to answer questions and give private lessons that are extensively prepared. Best place to learn Lebanese Arabic.

Jun 23, 2018

 by Khalil

The best lebanese dialect lessons you can find.

> Hiba has helped me transform my broken arabic into something much more conversational and fluid! I always cannot wait for the next video... now another book will be out soon. She has the very best lebanese dialect lessons you can find.

Jun 23, 2018

 by Bilal

Very good

> Hey Hiba, I like everything (the lessons , your channel, the books....) but unfortunately, you do not upload a video regulary and that's why I gave you 3 stars.

Jun 21, 2018

 by Marcel

Lessons that will prepare you to feel

> Hiba Najem performed the seemingly impossible feat of making the beginning stages of learning her language look easy. Her videos, which also take us on tours of Beirut and other places in Lebanon, make the learning process almost accidental as we follow new episodes for their entertainment value. Other episodes feature key vocabulary and verb declensions, all with subtitles in Arabic letters, an invaluable feature as it enables readers to recognize the roots of the words they are hearing rather than just parroting sounds, and thus preparing them for looking up in the dictionary new words they may come across, at least in those cases where the Lebanese word is derived from a fus7a root. Follow her lessons, and you will soon also experience that magical moment when you realize when watching a Lebanese film that you are understanding what is being said, and that the subtitles have it wrong. Many thanks, Hiba, for making all that possible.

Jun 21, 2018

 by Yousif George

Outstanding!!!

> If you are seriously looking to learn our Lebanese Language and culture or even if you are mildly interested, whether you're a Beginner, Intermediate, or advanced speaker.... Please, I highly recommend Hiba's Channel.\
>\
> Hiba is, Highly motivated, Very well educated, Lebanese Woman, I'm so very proud of her..!!\
>\
> DON'T MISS OUT on this Learning Experience... !!!!!

Jun 20, 2018

 by Juliuss

Salem ya habibi hiba

> Hi hiba wow all I want to say is thank you, thanks for your big help to teach us tha Arabic language, I have been several years trying to learn it , by internet and suddenly I saw a video from you since that time I am following you and I have been learning Arabic, for me you are the best teacher by internet and I know everyone say that , please keep making videos for us , shukran habibi w Allah ma3k

Jun 20, 2018

 by Ludovica

Surprise!!

> Has been a surprise finding Hiba's channel on Youtube! Now i'm in contact with her for private lessons and I really enjoy everytime with her! Thank you Hiba!! I suggest your teaching to everybody!

Jun 20, 2018

 by Cecelia

Fantastic Teacher!

> Hiba's youtube channel has made my connect with the Lebanese language and allowed me insight of a side of my heritage I would have never had previously connected with language wise. She has taught me so much just through her videos and blog posts! She really knows how to teach language and cultural aspects in a friendly, straight-forward and fun way. I am so glad I had discovered her and I will continue to support her!

Jun 20, 2018

 by Greetings from Sweden

Perfect

> Hiba is an excellent teacher in Arabic for beginners. She speaks clearly with a good voice and spreads good energy at the same time. I enjoy my lessons and listening to Hiba!

Jun 20, 2018

 by Joanna

Fun way to learn Lebanese dialect!

> I absolutely love Hiba and her youtube channel! I have used it together with her book to start my journey with the lebanese dialect. It is fun, practical and very relevent to what you might encounter during your daily conversation while in Lebanon. I also recommend her skype lessons which take your learning to another level! Can't wait for the phrase book vol. 2 :-)

Jun 20, 2018

 by Mimi

Superb videos and skype lessons!

> I'm a big fan of both Hiba's youtube channel and her well prepared skype lessons, which I've been taking for a couple of months. My boyfriend is from Lebanon and I feel it's quite difficult to find learning material for this specific dialect. Not only is she a great and patient teacher, but also a very kind and lovely person, so I look forward to my skype lessons all the more =)\
>\
> Mimi (Germany)

Jun 19, 2018

 by Wassima

une professeur Hors Paire

> sobeh el gheir Hiba,\
>\
>\
>\
> je regarde tes vidéos en français que je trouve génial mais malheureusement cela fait un petit temps qu'on ne t'as plu vue. J'aimerai continuer mon apprentissage avec toi donc reviens nous vite Hiba.\
>\
>\
>\
> Allah Maak\
>\
>\
>\
> Wassima

Jun 19, 2018

 by Jordan

Learning Arabic

> I am marrying into a Lebanese family, and I have used Hiba's videos to learn Arabic on my own. My soon to be family has been very impressed with what I have learned! Hiba's videos make it easy to learn Lebanese Arabic! Her book is a great supplement to use with the videos. I will be on the lookout for volume 2!

Jun 19, 2018

 by Aisha

charming Hiba

> I like Hiba`s channel, she knows how teach and I like her smile.\
>\
> regards\
>\
> Aisha (Dagestan, Russia)

Jun 19, 2018

 by Nassim

big fan

> I'm a big fan of Hiba's channel. I found it last year after searching for so long to find somewhere to learn Lebanese. I also like the videos where she goes around the city, I feel they give a nice contextual side to the dialect.