Shaghayegh: yen3ad 3lek la Adon bl teachers' day, enta aHsan estez. thank you so much for the fun lessons. l sfoof Helwe u Mason biHeb el lebnene kamen. don't you? mwah. (laughing) ktir Hob la madraset Hiba, men shaghayegh w Mason. bye.

Ghadi: Ahlen Hiba w Fatima. shukran ktir 3al saff li 3melna ma3 ba3d, Hiba w Fatima. Bas bade oul enne t3allamet ktir l 3arabeh l lebneniyeh menkoun w happy anniversary lal estezeh taba3eh

Rose: Marhaba, Fatima. Bas bade ellik enno shukran ktir la'an 3am bombosit ktir bl drous ma3keh, w kel ousbou3 bontour beHkeh ma3keh, w yeah! Happy teachers' day.

Svenja: ente ktir mniHa ana ktir bHeb eje la 3andik 3al madraseh

Joseph: Marhaba ya Adon, betmannelak yom sa3eed b yom zekra 3id l mou3allem. beshkrak 3ala sabrak w lotfak. ana mabsout ktir ennak 3am bet3allemneh l lougha l lebneniyeh. shukran jazeelan.

Florence and Alyssa: Marhaba. Bas badna n2oul Mirelle m3almeh ktir shattoura. w neHna mn Hebbik ktir. Shukran la Mireille, w moufeja3eh la estezeh. Bye!

McKenna: 3eed sa3eed lal mou3allimin lyom. beshkera la m3allemteh Mireille. So3beh et3allam logha jdideh, bas Mireille ktir saboora, w shatra w ktir b2addera. shukran.

Lauren: Marhaba Mireille, kifik? el logha l 3arabiyeh hiyeh mn as3ab l logha yalleh darasta, bas ma3ik hayneh w ktir ktir merHa. sfoofna henneh henneh iyyem al moufaddala 3endeh bl jem3a. ktir ktir shukran. Happy teachers' day. bshoufik.

Leah H: Ya Mireille! Ana hon! kell 3id mou3allem w ente b kheir. Merci ktir li2annik m3allemteh, w ana b7ebb ktir et3allam ma3ik. Thank you! shukran!

Anne: Marhaba Ella! ente Ahsan estezeh! shukran ktir!

Hicran: 3aziza Mireille, yom mou3allem sa3eed!

Tony: Mireille Merci la Ahsan m3almeh.

Octavia: Hi Mireille, wanted to say how thankful I am to have met you. You are the best teacher I've ever had in my whole life for anything. You help me understand things, I look forward to your classes, and you've been teaching me so much. So I want to really thank you for being so kind to me and for caring about my life, my personal life. And I truly feel that you care and you have the biggest heart I know. So I hope you feel appreciative. And you are the best. Bye.

Ralph: Hi, marHaba, bonjour. My name is Ralph. I'm from Ireland and I've been learning Lebanese Arabic with Hiba's channel for about a year now. I just want to say a huge thank you to Hiba for making all the videos on this channel, for putting in so much time and effort into helping so many people. Your videos have definitely helped me so, so much. I also want to recommend the, also wanted to recommend the Lebanese Arabic lessons with Maria, which I've been taking for about one month now, and I find them really, really good. Maria is extremely kind, funny, patient, and encouraging. And yeah, she really makes learning very fun and tailors her lessons to what you want to learn as well. So, um, if you'd like to learn Arabic quickly and in a very fun way, I'd highly recommend checking out Hiba's videos and doing some Skype lessons with Maria. So thank you and yalla bye.

Nicolas: Salut, un petit feedback sur les sur les vidéos de Hiba. Les vidéos de Hiba sont très bien faites, elles sont intéressantes. Euh, c'est plein de thèmes variés, que ce soit les les parties du corps, que ce soit les les couleurs, les saisons, et cetera, ou même des des visites dans certains quartiers de de Beyrouth. Euh, c'est c'est un plaisir de les regarder, elle a toujours le sourire, ce qui est très agréable. Euh, les cours d'arabe avec Maria, merci beaucoup Maria, ça me fait vraiment bien avancer. Euh, pareil, c'est très bien organisé, il y a du vocabulaire, il y a de la conjugaison, il y a des questions. Euh, et c'est c'est vraiment agréable de que tu souris tout le temps et que tu adaptes tout le temps euh à mon niveau euh tes tes leçons. Voilà. Donc merci beaucoup.

JD: My name is JD and I'm originally from Canada. I moved to the Middle East five years ago and I wanted to learn Arabic. And I tried a number of different ways to do that. I tried in-class training, I tried uh self-learning via CD or or Rosetta Stone. Um, but by far, uh the best way for me has been learning Lebanese Arabic via Skype with Maria. I really like it because uh it's one-to-one training, so it can kind of be customized to my strengths uh and my weaknesses. I'm also able to learn from the comfort of my own home, uh based on my schedule. Uh and Skype is actually really nice because it allows sort of a combination of uh written and uh verbal training. Uh so I find it really effective. And on one of my most recent trips to uh to Lebanon with my fiancée, um I was really proud of myself because I was actually able to to carry uh a meaningful conversation. So uh one level done and uh looking forward to uh to start level two.

Virtue & family: As a descendant of Lebanon, I set off on a journey about four years ago to embrace not only Lebanon's rich history and culture, but its language as well. Through Hiba and Maria's videos and Skype lessons, that has been made possible. I thoroughly enjoy Hiba's fun approach to teaching as well as her passion to share. I hope others will also take this opportunity to embark on a truly rewarding experience.

Ryan: marHaba, kifkon? ana 'esme Ryan. Today I'll be doing a testimonial video for Hiba and Maria's Lebanese channel. I've been watching Hiba on YouTube for about three years now, and all I can say is, Hiba, your videos are fun, educational, and very easy to understand. Thank you so much. I learned so much through you. Um, you also, she also does Skype, um, with Maria, her friend. Um, Maria's uh, Skype lessons are constructed by beginners lesson one, two, three, etc. I'm doing, I've been doing the Skyping with Maria for about six months, and I absolutely love it. I recommend Maria. Uh, if you need help with pronunciation, with questions about the lesson, or something that has to do with uh Lebanese culture, uh she's more than happy to help you. Her lessons are very easy to understand. She goes over with you, she goes over with them with you a bunch of times so you can get it. And um, that's why I stay doing the lessons with um Maria because I feel like I learned so much today that I knew yesterday. And um, it's very exciting. The lessons are fun, they're easy. She um, she does like um exercises with you and she drills it in your head so you can understand. She doesn't go too fast, she doesn't go too slow, she goes perfect so you can understand what um what she's teaching you. And all I have to say is thank you Maria, thank you Hiba. Um, I learned so much. I recommend watching the YouTube videos and if you want to learn more about the language and you want to take a step up, I would say do the Skype. And um, thank you.